README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h1>Wassword<br>Wonderful Password Generator</h1>
  <p align="center">
  <a href="https://dart.dev/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Dart-0175C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white"></a>
  <a href="https://flutter.dev/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-02569B?style=for-the-badge&logo=flutter&logoColor=white"></a>
  </p>
</div>

With Wassword you can easily generate complex passwords and use them for your online accounts. Choose length and chars to be used and generate your passwords safely.

Everything works offline and nothing is shared, your safety comes first.

**Wassword isn't a password manager, it doesn't store generated password. Wassword only creates password!**

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.albertobonacina.wassword"><img alt="Get it on Google Play" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white" height="50px"/></a>
  <a href="https://f-droid.org/it/packages/com.albertobonacina.wassword/"><img alt="Get it on F-Droid" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Fdroid-1976D2?style=for-the-badge&logo=fdroid&logoColor=white" height="50px"/></a>
  <a href="https://demo.wassword.app"><img alt="Get it on Google Play" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Netlify-00C7B7?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=white" height="50px"/></a>
</p>

### 🔒 Features

- Create password with **Numbers**, **Lower case letters**, **Upper case letters**, **Symbols**, **8 to 128 chars**
- Generate passhrase with [EFF's New Wordlists for Random Passphrases](https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/07/new-wordlists-random-passphrases) and choose between: [eff-long](https://github.com/redacted/XKCD-password-generator/blob/master/xkcdpass/static/eff-long), [eff-short](https://github.com/redacted/XKCD-password-generator/blob/master/xkcdpass/static/eff-short) and [eff-special](https://github.com/redacted/XKCD-password-generator/blob/master/xkcdpass/static/eff-special)
- **Copy** generated passwords and passphrase
- **Generate** as many passwords and passphrases as you want
- **[Riverpod](https://riverpod.dev/)** as a state management library

### 📱 Screenshots

| Screenshot #1 | Screenshot #2 | Screenshot #3 |
|-|-|-|
| <img src="screenshot/first.png" width="300"> | <img src="screenshot/second.png" width="300"> | <img src="screenshot/third.png" width="300"> |

## 💎 Contributing

If you have any idea, feel free to fork it and submit your changes back to me.

<img alt="Get it on Google Play" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Ask%20me-anything-1abc9c.svg" />

## 📋 License

Wassword is released under the [MIT license](LICENSE.md). You can use the code for any purpose, including commercial projects.

[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

docs: Update readme with new screenshots

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h1>Wassword<br>Wonderful Password Generator</h1>
  <p align="center">
  <a href="https://dart.dev/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Dart-0175C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white"></a>
  <a href="https://flutter.dev/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-02569B?style=for-the-badge&logo=flutter&logoColor=white"></a>
  </p>
</div>

With Wassword you can easily generate complex passwords and use them for your online accounts. Choose length and chars to be used and generate your passwords safely.

Everything works offline and nothing is shared, your safety comes first.

**Wassword isn't a password manager, it doesn't store generated password. Wassword only creates password!**

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.albertobonacina.wassword"><img alt="Get it on Google Play" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white" height="50px"/></a>
  <a href="https://f-droid.org/it/packages/com.albertobonacina.wassword/"><img alt="Get it on F-Droid" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Fdroid-1976D2?style=for-the-badge&logo=fdroid&logoColor=white" height="50px"/></a>
  <a href="https://demo.wassword.app"><img alt="Get it on Google Play" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Netlify-00C7B7?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=white" height="50px"/></a>
</p>

### Features

- Create password with **Numbers**, **Lower case letters**, **Upper case letters**, **Symbols**, **8 to 128 chars**
- Generate passhrase with [EFF's New Wordlists for Random Passphrases](https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/07/new-wordlists-random-passphrases) and choose between: [eff-long](https://github.com/redacted/XKCD-password-generator/blob/master/xkcdpass/static/eff-long), [eff-short](https://github.com/redacted/XKCD-password-generator/blob/master/xkcdpass/static/eff-short) and [eff-special](https://github.com/redacted/XKCD-password-generator/blob/master/xkcdpass/static/eff-special)
- **Copy** generated passwords and passphrase
- **Generate** as many passwords and passphrases as you want
- **[Riverpod](https://riverpod.dev/)** as a state management library
- Support for **dark** and **light** mode
- Support for large screen with [Navigation rail](https://m3.material.io/components/navigation-rail/overview)

### 📱 Screenshots

| Screenshot #1 | Screenshot #2 | Screenshot #3 |
|-|-|-|
| <img src="screenshot/password_generator.png"> | <img src="screenshot/passphrase_generator.png"> | <img src="screenshot/about.png"> |

| Screenshot Large #1 | Screenshot Large #2 |
|-|-|
| <img src="screenshot/password_generator_large.png"> | <img src="screenshot/passphrase_generator_large.png"> |

## 💎 Contributing

If you have any idea, feel free to fork it and submit your changes back to me.

<img alt="Get it on Google Play" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Ask%20me-anything-1abc9c.svg" />

## 📋 License

Wassword is released under the [MIT license](LICENSE.md). You can use the code for any purpose, including commercial projects.

[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
